I choose MacDonalds as an example. Macdonalds has been the world leader of fast food franchise for a while.
However, they didn't start their digital transformation on mobile apps until March 2017. 
As a late comer, MacDonalds's current global chief information officer, made annoucement in 2020 that MacDonalds will continue its product-centric approach to technology, 
and, at the mean time, ensure the compelling movement towards digital transformation can be justified with its development and operating costs. 

---What could be the objective for a company to start digital transformation? 
1-MacDonalds wants to develop industry-leading digitally enabled customer experiences, including ordering, personalization payments, loyalty and delivery. 
2-MacDonalds will partner with global technology company to build requirements into product roadmaps and technology solutions. 
3-The company also hope to incraese their marketing efforts to deliver more value through its ads, apps notification, coupons and promotions to enhance the experience. 

---What was the reason/motivation/threat to the success or failure of the transformation?
1-The most important reason almost always lead to the money issue. Macdonalods had been losing sales since 2013. The company peaked at 28k billion dollars in revenue in 2013 
and continued to drop to 21k billion in 2020. The fastfood giant had already occupied US with their 14000 stores and they need to increase more sales instead of opening more resautrants. 
2-For MacDonalds, effenciency is the key in fastfood ordering experience. Waiting in a long line will definite kill the mood. So increasing ordering and delivering speed became the 
next important thing to focus on. Mobile apps will increase the ordering time and drive-through will also relif the lenght of waiting line. According to MacDonalds, US drive-through 
account for over 70% of sales in the country. 
3-The major threat for MacDonalds for digital transformation would be competition. On one hand, tradtional fastfood chains like Burger King launched their mobile ordering app in 2009 and Subway lanuched their mobile in 2015. 
On the other hand, Starbucks launch their mobile app in 2015 but quickly became the most popular in-person or "proximity" mobile payment method in 2018. Starbuck payment beats Apple Pay,
Google Pay, and Samsung Pay in active users from 2017 to today. It is one thing to launch a new ordering and payment method for a company, but it is much more impressive to change 
customer spending behavior with Starbucks app. 

Reference
1-https://www.macrotrends.net/stocks/charts/MCD/mcdonalds/revenue
2-https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mcdonalds-mobile-idUSKBN16L2RM
3-https://www.qsrmagazine.com/technology/mcdonalds-getting-even-more-serious-about-tech
